[Music]
hey
you're off for the most bizarre
adventure of a lifetime
destination india you arrive at the
airport in mumbai
next off a train heading to the modenim
railway station
grab a good book it's an 11 hour journey
from monim a taxi will take you 20
minutes to your final stop
the small village of chef paul
population
2500 it's sweltering here and the town
is surrounded by jungle
residents are friendly and hospitable
looks like any ordinary indian village
until one of the locals invites you to
their home for a meal
you step over the threshold and don't
even notice
a cobra slither past your foot now let
me remind you that the cobra is one of
the most
dangerous snakes in the world their
venom paralyzes the nervous system and
causes vision problems
muscle weakness difficulties breathing
and well nothing good from there
a king cobra's venom is so toxic a
single bite is enough to take down
20 grown people some cobras can spit
venom
from several feet away they aim for the
eyes
and they shoot with ninety percent
accuracy possibly causing blindness
on the other hand um ninety 90 accuracy
is pretty darn good let's sign him up
anyways
the cobra slithers into the house where
you've been invited
when you do finally see it you're
petrified with fear
the family also sees the snake but they
look delighted
the smiles on their faces have you
utterly confused
in this village every home has a special
corner called divesta
it's dedicated just to cobras a safe
place where they can sleep
have lunch relax and escape the
scorching sun
people feed the snakes meat and eggs and
even play with them
cobras are welcome here as a member of
the family just like you might view a
dog or cat
cobras are everywhere in chet paul
you'll be walking down the street
and a snake is slithering right along
with you
locals see them as fellow residents and
share their space with them
the cobras slither into homes schools
any place at all which makes you wonder
don't they
bite apparently no cases have been
reported in chetfall
now there could be instances but
nobody's reporting it
but there certainly haven't been any
tragic incidences due to a cobra's
venomous bite
it also helps that the welcome snakes in
this particular village
are so used to seeing and being around
people they don't view the humans as
threats
your next question why well snakes are
sacred animals for the people of india
but chatpal is unique nowhere else in
the country do cobras live in such
harmony with people yeah there are snake
charmers who can control the serpents
but this is different still i'm sure
you're not as used to snakes here as
they are to you
so an extended stay in chat ball can
probably stress you out
so let's head to the far northwest
corner of india
you take a cab to get to the town of
caldara
but not all taxi drivers are willing to
take you
you can't understand why so many are
refusing
with some negotiation you finally
convinced one of them to drive you there
the cabbie apprehensively stops outside
the village
and explains how to get there the rest
of the way
when you finally reach the place you see
only ruined brick structures
scorching sun and almost no vegetation
caldara looks like some ancient city
recently excavated by
archaeologists and it really is ancient
the first buildings here were made
around the 13th century
residents grew crops learned to extract
water and had excellent trading skills
it was rich in natural resources
valuable
underground gypsum rocks and minerals
this place had been flourishing for
centuries
but everything changed in 1825
night the locals just packed up
everything they could carry
and left their homes the thriving city
became abandoned
in the blink of an eye the mysterious
thing is
no one knows why according to one theory
the city's water supply had run dry but
that couldn't possibly force
residents to flee their homes in the
middle of the night
the most popular version says that a
cruel local statesman
fell in love with the city chief's
daughter the statesman threatened to
raise the
already outrageous high taxes if the
girl refused to marry him
he gave her one day to make a decision
concerned residents decided to support
the girl and her father
and secretly left their homes one night
now this place is considered a center of
bad
energy people believe the inhabitants
cursed the village before they left
so that no one could ever live there
again the locals are afraid of this
place and try to avoid it
but it still attracts tourists you just
can't stay long after a brief
walk through the abandoned city our next
stop is the village of shawnee singapore
as soon as you arrive here you
immediately feel the local inhabitants
positive and kind mood there are stores
cafes schools banks nothing out of the
ordinary for a small town
but the strangest thing about this
village is that there are no
locks some buildings don't even have
doors or windows
including people's homes owners don't
lock their stores at night
goods sit on shelves perfectly open for
anyone to come in and take
when residents leave their houses
everything their personal belongings
valuables
aren't locked up whatsoever but here's
the thing
there's no theft in the village either
why
the villagers believe that anyone who
tries to steal or get into trouble
will be blinded by the local deity that
protects the village
the legend goes about 300 years ago a
large black stone
slab washed ashore on a nearby river
after a severe rainstorm and flood
that night the head of the village had a
dream in which the deity shani appeared
to him
shawnee said that residents had to put
the rock in the center of the town
and he'll forever protect the people but
on one condition
they could build no walls or roof around
the sacred object
it should be out in the open for shawnee
to keep his watchful eye
after the stone was placed in the
village square the residents decided to
remove the locks from their homes
they no longer needed them because they
believed in shawnee's protection
they don't hide money or jewelry public
restrooms are covered with
only one thin curtain in 2015
a police station appeared here but no
complaints have been received
there are no doors at the police station
either
our final destination is rajdoy if you
come here at the right time
you'll notice that hundreds of villagers
are preparing for an unusual celebration
children adults the elderly everyone
helps organize a magnificent wedding
ceremony
residents set an elaborate table with
food
decorate the temple where the event will
take place and bring gifts to the future
newlyweds
the mood is cheerful as you'd expect the
usual wedding ceremony begins
but there's one little oddity the bride
and groom
are frogs yep locals hold weddings for
frogs so that rain will come
the most amazing thing is that they
prepare for the ceremony
as if the happy couple were humans the
fun can continue
until late at night i'll bet you
you